# Operating_Platforms

      The Gaming Room wanted to expand its player base by developing a web game based on its current mobile game, Draw It or Lose It. The game was available only on the Android platform. Draw It or Lose It is loosely similar to the 1980s television game Win, Lose or Draw, where teams compete to guess what is being drawn. To facilitate the development of the web-based version of the gaming app that serves multiple platforms, The Gaming Room needed our help to streamline the development.
	    In developing this documentation, I detailed the requirements and identified the possible constraints. In addition, I was able to describe every detail of the UML model and the relationship between the classes. 
      The UML diagram and its detailed description were beneficial when developing the code. I didn't have to establish the dependencies but create code that reflected the diagram.
      If I could revise one part of the design document, I would choose the operating platform evaluation. OS is a broad topic that might require further research to give the most up-to-date information and unbiased opinion. I would add more details to the evaluation table. 
      I interpreted user's needs by breaking them down and converting them into technical tasks. It's important to consider all the user's needs because that is what makes the end software valuable. 
      I approached designing the software by gathering the user's requirements, researching the best options that suited the user's needs, and developing a UML diagram for defining dependencies before developing the actual code. I would use the techniques mentioned above to analyze and design similar software. In addition, I would create code prototypes and ask for the user's feedback after each development iteration.
